Update manage-access.md (#103655)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-monitor/logs/manage-access.md

- Configure the workspace access control mode to *use workspace or resource permissions*.
- Grant users `*/read` or `Microsoft.Insights/logs/*/read` permissions to their resources. If they're already assigned the [Log Analytics Reader](../../role-based-access-control/built-in-roles.md#reader) role on the workspace, it's sufficient.

> **Example 2: Grant a user access to log data from their resources, including running a search job.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example 2: Grant a user permission to access log data from their resources, configure their resources to send logs to the workspace, and run a search job.**
```
